an hour ago a bond blew up the Kremlin
the president has initiated ghost
Protocol the entire IMF has been
disavowed now I've been ordered to take
you to Washington where they will hang
the Kremlin bombing on you and your team
unless you were to escape after
assaulting Brandt and me but if any one
of your team is caught they will be
branded terrorists out to incite global
nuclear war
so what happens now your mission should
you choose to accept it so what's the
play
the bell rings and rings yes supid well
we're losing
fighting tonight
what I do up to it will
yeah question
on my death bed screaming
who are you really
brant we all have our secrets then we
either
okay now remember blue is glue and when
it's red dad
you're not gonna make it you're not
helping